ascanrules: XSS: try more payloads if outside of HTML tags (#3071)
zaproxy/zap-extensions: addOns/ascanrules/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ## [41] - 2021-08-12
> ### Added
> - The XSS scan rule will try several different payloads if the payload is being
> reflected outside of any HTML tags (for example in a json response body).
> 

Reviewer: This should be left in the Unreleased section, the version and date are updated as part of the release process. Also it's a change (maybe a fix) not "Added".

```suggestion
### Changed
- The XSS scan rule will try several different payloads if the payload is being reflected outside of any HTML tags (for example in a json response body).

```
